# Instructions for use
* This stack will create an Athena table, QuickSight datasources, QuickSight datasets, and a QuickSight dashboard to visualize Cloud Trail logs.  It will create the dashboard based on an ARN for a dashboard template.  The template ARN is currently hardcoded in the CreateDashboardTemplate.json file but could be paramertized later.  The existing template was approved by the DaughertyLabs team.
* The user is expected to provide the s3 location of the Cloud Trail logs, the QuickSight principal to have access to the dashboard, and an s3 location to host the Athena query metadata (required by AWS).
* The quicksight.tf file makes heavy use of the "null_resource" to create resources using the AWS CLI.  This was done because Terraform does not natively support creating some QuickSight resources.  As a result, the resources created using the AWS CLI are not actually destroyed when running "terraform destory".  Instead, they are deleted on "terraform apply" if the user specifies a value of true for the variable "delete.  If Terraform adds more support for QuickSight in the future, we can revisit this workflow.
* The LocalOutput folder is used as a container for files created during runtime that are needed by the AWS CLI and contain sensitive information like account or principal ids.  These files are not checked into source.  Every file in LocalOutput will have a corresponding template file in the Athena or QuickSight folders.  The template files are part of source control with the sensitive info removed.
* Contact Ryan Cochran if you have further questions.